It's super full of Salcedo I love it,
well, about Marina, I was going to
tell you about Marina, about Marta Irrigation that I'm watching, it's because I've been
a
little distracted all afternoon. I'm catching
up now and I'm watching Marta Riesgo, she
's back on the attack this afternoon,
publishing a compilation of
everything they've done to her on Sálva, come and
see. I've said my opinion a lot of
times. Yesterday I was
also talking with Marina Hernal
for Mirros, it's clear that she's been close to the
work move. It wasn't already part of the
way she's managed whatever
she's had and I don't disagree with her, but I think
that if she wants to continue working for the
network she has to relax a little, a
lot, but swallow, swallow, and maybe
manage it differently. You don't think so.
Well, but she's been doing well for a while,
since she started
partying, she was doing her reports, she
was fine, she told it herself in a
Story,
Emma asked me, I know for sure because I
know people from the program who were
valued, who were appreciated. Marta's problem
is that she's mixed work with
her sentimental history  and that doesn't
help her because she knows where she is
but neither her nor you nor me I can't
come here Imagine if you
had something to do with my husband and started
insulting you that no no way and that's what
she did wrong So what
happens a television network
any media outlet now I'll
tell you an anecdote and also for the
people who understand they can't
allow the images that came out in
fact the order was to remove them there is the
program but you won't see anything Why
Because they can't allow them Look
Javi years ago all the
journalists reporters were waiting for
a famous couple to arrive with their little girl
because it was the girl's birthday There was
such a mess I don't know why
yes no no no it wasn't it was someone else no no I'll
tell you later Yeah yeah Who it was but there was
such a mess there that
photographers were fighting with photographers
reports with or rather reporters against
reporters that when those images
arrived at the agencies the owners of
the agencies met and said we ca
n't release this because it would make
us look terrible and that wasn't released  You
know why it couldn't be taken out like
Marta's risk and
this girl Cristina contributes couldn't be taken
out So when you go to a place
to work it has happened to me to go to a
place Hey, I went to cover an event
once I wanted to kill the journalist
because I hear that I hear her say oh
my god look today it's going a little better
La Chacha
refers to me of course at that moment I would have
grabbed her by the hair
and killed her but I had the blood there are
some that of course of course but I had the
cold blood to say you can't you are
here covering an event an event that
is very good because they took us to
Ibiza we had access to many famous people
For example I met Paz Daddy who
was sitting at a table and came to
Daddy and she kept looking at me and such no the
man didn't say anything I say it so that
people see the level and I took it and I kept quiet
and when you go to work it has to be
like this because if you raise hell those
organizers are not going to take you more you
know why For example those who cover the
royal house
many people go and say And why don't they
ask them questions about Don Juan Carlos
of Doña Sofía Because if they ask things
that they don't want you're not going anymore And
surely the media is
interested in having those photos it's
good for them and the little bit they can say
so in this sense Marta separates your
work and what and what about her boyfriend or is it that there is no
room because she
is difficult no I mean to stop what your
boyfriend does with your work is a very is
very incompatible situation or so I
lamentably I wish it weren't like that but
I see Marta out of Telecinco in the
not too distant future because it's
incompatible or so anyone
can try to put ourselves in the place with
any company that is not I don't know that
never I can think of a simile the other
day my colleague Maika Vasco I don't know if you
know her she compared it to you
being working in any
supermarket in any store
whatever and your partner was at the door
delinquent I don't know what I mean in the end
the situation she has is complicated it
is not compatible with her being there if she
were the best a sports reporter
who is commenting on things like when she
worked before in the in sports Well
still but of course as she is
feeling  with things of the heart they
meet people from Sálvame those of
Sálvame who poke because where let's see
what she entered was the provocation
that they were doing to her because since they
were there they were messing with
Ortegas they were messing with Gloria
Camila and with Marta they are messing that
if the clothes she was wearing that if it's not
right that if I don't know that then in the end
what you are doing is responding
but of course
you have to eat it and be
professional until the end and this
example that Maika gave of the supermarket
is that anywhere they are not going to
allow it and obviously they are going to
bother you But also Marta today you
tell me that she has uploaded these is that Marta
increasingly has her foot out of
Telecinco is that she is on sick leave she cannot
upload Stories what are they going to say Well
you are on sick leave with
her she said that on Friday I went they
gave me sick leave and she said and thanks to my
boyfriend because I don't know what he would have done and he
put another story that of course I had
stayed with that they had left her
making a photocopy that she said No but
no the sick leave she is on sick leave now  same of
course What is she doing doing that is that they are
going to throw her out It's that
instead of being calm she is fanning
the fire more it's that you can't
do and Marta I think that it's that she
wants to come out here now as
Antonio's defender and you can help people
but not harm yourself because work
is what we eat and if she does it
on another program it happens to her the same and
if the manager of the restaurant does it it
happens to them the same and anyone because
you imagine now you invite
someone here that you have on payroll or a
collaborator of yours and they go and make a fuss Well you
'll say boy or girl get
out of here of course and the truth is that
sálvame has been going on for a while because they also
gave them a notice and
she had been very calm for a while and she was doing very
well but she wants to be
Antonio David's avenger and I think that on
Telecinco Well the thing is that it has already happened and
Rocío Carrasco and Antonio David are
history you understand they are history and they
are issues that the new board doesn't
even want to hear about and the new
board  He comes across some topics
that he doesn't want to be mentioned clearly, let's
see, there are times when he vetoes the topic and
then he comes back, for example now with the
Antonio David thing, Olga and Rocío, the
reading cover. Last week they discussed that topic
but then
Antonio David and Marta and Olga were vetoed, but then
not again now because of what Marín said yesterday.
Here it is. It is forbidden to mention
Rocio Carrasco in unicorn
[Music]